----------------------------------------
srun job start: Mon Feb 24 00:41:24 CST 2020
Job ID: 218
Username: sas4990
Queue: normal
Account: p30157
----------------------------------------
The following variables are not
guaranteed to be the same in
prologue and the job run script
----------------------------------------
PATH (in prologue) : /home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-haswell/gcc-8.3.0/lammps-20190807-ylc6qz7fy2eindllog7ummbmwsviah3x/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/mpich-3.3.2-z4ez4omkbrmkiitiqdaqvoe6fsvaty3w/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/ucx-1.6.0-zns5osdffg6yeysfalb4mk52wor2ictj/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/rdma-core-20-n4nc6catawd2xjiotmyzuvdcldcfaa4y/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libnl-3.3.0-mo7nt5vu7xhh7evvo3c57p2ydsh55lfb/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/numactl-2.0.12-nj4eng56cvlo4j7xmhmjornipwgbhfco/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libxml2-2.9.9-t6h6tggg2tagxcxklg6ztlkuw6ffbjaj/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/xz-5.2.4-dnbfmo26ji3slykck52zvwfqhoyj45yd/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libiconv-1.16-46i2h6v5lzez5ss3575p7orcgv7mkajt/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/bin:/usr/lib64/qt-3.3/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/sbin:/usr/lpp/mmfs/bin:/opt/ibutils/bin:/home/sas4990/.local/bin:/home/sas4990/bin
WORKDIR is: /home/sas4990
----------------------------------------
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˝¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key &∆¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Òıˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key œ∑¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ·@ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key N[¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ‘˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ÔS˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key BM˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ﬁê˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key â˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ©¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ∂{˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key T%˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key <—˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key …:ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key lI˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Íπ¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key fá˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key «?˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Sï˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key X6ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key _ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key “{˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ZÚ˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Îåˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key bä˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˆ¡ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Xˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Ç¶ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Á˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ‚◊ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Üﬂ˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key %d˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key .¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key •é˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key S¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key dÖ¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 0ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ≤˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key C)ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key '*˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key æˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key XΩ¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ç∏ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
LAMMPS (7 Aug 2019)
  using 1 OpenMP thread(s) per MPI task
Lattice spacing in x,y,z = 1.6796 1.6796 1.6796
Created orthogonal box = (0 0 0) to (33.5919 33.5919 33.5919)
  3 by 4 by 4 MPI processor grid
Created 32000 atoms
  create_atoms CPU = 0.00217414 secs
Neighbor list info ...
  update every 20 steps, delay 0 steps, check no
  max neighbors/atom: 2000, page size: 100000
  master list distance cutoff = 2.8
  ghost atom cutoff = 2.8
  binsize = 1.4, bins = 24 24 24
  1 neighbor lists, perpetual/occasional/extra = 1 0 0
  (1) pair lj/cut, perpetual
      attributes: half, newton on
      pair build: half/bin/atomonly/newton
      stencil: half/bin/3d/newton
      bin: standard
Setting up Verlet run ...
  Unit style    : lj
  Current step  : 0
  Time step     : 0.005
Per MPI rank memory allocation (min/avg/max) = 2.642 | 2.658 | 2.672 Mbytes
Step Temp E_pair E_mol TotEng Press 
       0         1.44   -6.7733681            0   -4.6134356   -5.0197073 
     100    0.7574531   -5.7585055            0   -4.6223613   0.20726105 
Loop time of 0.106387 on 48 procs for 100 steps with 32000 atoms

Performance: 406064.407 tau/day, 939.964 timesteps/s
97.8% CPU use with 48 MPI tasks x 1 OpenMP threads

MPI task timing breakdown:
Section |  min time  |  avg time  |  max time  |%varavg| %total
---------------------------------------------------------------
Pair    | 0.0357     | 0.044527   | 0.052844   |   1.5 | 41.85
Neigh   | 0.0053036  | 0.0062787  | 0.0073006  |   0.5 |  5.90
Comm    | 0.038987   | 0.048399   | 0.058309   |   1.6 | 45.49
Output  | 0.0054488  | 0.0055943  | 0.005754   |   0.1 |  5.26
Modify  | 0.00063896 | 0.00075995 | 0.00092602 |   0.0 |  0.71
Other   |            | 0.0008281  |            |       |  0.78

Nlocal:    666.667 ave 695 max 636 min
Histogram: 1 3 4 6 9 8 7 3 4 3
Nghost:    2199.15 ave 2234 max 2168 min
Histogram: 2 4 7 5 12 5 2 4 4 3
Neighs:    25059 ave 26611 max 23829 min
Histogram: 4 4 5 11 3 12 2 2 2 3

Total # of neighbors = 1202833
Ave neighs/atom = 37.5885
Neighbor list builds = 5
Dangerous builds not checked
Total wall time: 0:00:00
