----------------------------------------
srun job start: Mon Feb 24 00:40:47 CST 2020
Job ID: 218
Username: sas4990
Queue: normal
Account: p30157
----------------------------------------
The following variables are not
guaranteed to be the same in
prologue and the job run script
----------------------------------------
PATH (in prologue) : /home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-haswell/gcc-8.3.0/lammps-20190807-ylc6qz7fy2eindllog7ummbmwsviah3x/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/mpich-3.3.2-z4ez4omkbrmkiitiqdaqvoe6fsvaty3w/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/ucx-1.6.0-zns5osdffg6yeysfalb4mk52wor2ictj/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/rdma-core-20-n4nc6catawd2xjiotmyzuvdcldcfaa4y/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libnl-3.3.0-mo7nt5vu7xhh7evvo3c57p2ydsh55lfb/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/numactl-2.0.12-nj4eng56cvlo4j7xmhmjornipwgbhfco/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libxml2-2.9.9-t6h6tggg2tagxcxklg6ztlkuw6ffbjaj/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/xz-5.2.4-dnbfmo26ji3slykck52zvwfqhoyj45yd/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libiconv-1.16-46i2h6v5lzez5ss3575p7orcgv7mkajt/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/bin:/usr/lib64/qt-3.3/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/sbin:/usr/lpp/mmfs/bin:/opt/ibutils/bin:/home/sas4990/.local/bin:/home/sas4990/bin
WORKDIR is: /home/sas4990
----------------------------------------
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ÎÆ˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ◊t˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key òËˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ºöˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key W»¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ’Öˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key À]ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key / in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key S˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ≈'˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key †¥ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key :	˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key U«˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key `˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 5õˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ﬁÒˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key n|¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˆE˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key \ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key “)˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key µ¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ·¿¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ò«˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ÿŒˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ñy˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Åı˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Â6¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key +‘˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 8Âˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Ø£˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Q˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Hc˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key u;ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key X®¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key æQˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ûC˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ó≈˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key …˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key K"˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key o”˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ”¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 1ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Ñˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key êÇ¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ’≠ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: value not properly terminated in client request
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
LAMMPS (7 Aug 2019)
  using 1 OpenMP thread(s) per MPI task
Lattice spacing in x,y,z = 1.6796 1.6796 1.6796
Created orthogonal box = (0 0 0) to (33.5919 33.5919 33.5919)
  3 by 4 by 4 MPI processor grid
Created 32000 atoms
  create_atoms CPU = 0.0316837 secs
Neighbor list info ...
  update every 20 steps, delay 0 steps, check no
  max neighbors/atom: 2000, page size: 100000
  master list distance cutoff = 2.8
  ghost atom cutoff = 2.8
  binsize = 1.4, bins = 24 24 24
  1 neighbor lists, perpetual/occasional/extra = 1 0 0
  (1) pair lj/cut, perpetual
      attributes: half, newton on
      pair build: half/bin/atomonly/newton
      stencil: half/bin/3d/newton
      bin: standard
Setting up Verlet run ...
  Unit style    : lj
  Current step  : 0
  Time step     : 0.005
Per MPI rank memory allocation (min/avg/max) = 2.642 | 2.658 | 2.672 Mbytes
Step Temp E_pair E_mol TotEng Press 
       0         1.44   -6.7733681            0   -4.6134356   -5.0197073 
     100    0.7574531   -5.7585055            0   -4.6223613   0.20726105 
Loop time of 0.0993664 on 48 procs for 100 steps with 32000 atoms

Performance: 434754.402 tau/day, 1006.376 timesteps/s
98.8% CPU use with 48 MPI tasks x 1 OpenMP threads

MPI task timing breakdown:
Section |  min time  |  avg time  |  max time  |%varavg| %total
---------------------------------------------------------------
Pair    | 0.035597   | 0.043057   | 0.064622   |   2.0 | 43.33
Neigh   | 0.005161   | 0.006101   | 0.0088274  |   0.7 |  6.14
Comm    | 0.023897   | 0.048516   | 0.057084   |   2.2 | 48.83
Output  | 6.938e-05  | 0.00019143 | 0.00037313 |   0.0 |  0.19
Modify  | 0.00060153 | 0.00073    | 0.0010657  |   0.0 |  0.73
Other   |            | 0.000771   |            |       |  0.78

Nlocal:    666.667 ave 695 max 636 min
Histogram: 1 3 4 6 9 8 7 3 4 3
Nghost:    2199.15 ave 2234 max 2168 min
Histogram: 2 4 7 5 12 5 2 4 4 3
Neighs:    25059 ave 26611 max 23829 min
Histogram: 4 4 5 11 3 12 2 2 2 3

Total # of neighbors = 1202833
Ave neighs/atom = 37.5885
Neighbor list builds = 5
Dangerous builds not checked
Total wall time: 0:00:00
