----------------------------------------
srun job start: Tue Mar 10 10:48:25 CDT 2020
Job ID: 339
Username: sas4990
Queue: normal
Account: p30157
----------------------------------------
The following variables are not
guaranteed to be the same in
prologue and the job run script
----------------------------------------
PATH (in prologue) : /home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/lammps-20180822-syxhn6t26myqi4f4tzwruqkojhw4wmjq/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/mpich-3.3.2-z4ez4omkbrmkiitiqdaqvoe6fsvaty3w/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/ucx-1.6.0-zns5osdffg6yeysfalb4mk52wor2ictj/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/rdma-core-20-n4nc6catawd2xjiotmyzuvdcldcfaa4y/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libnl-3.3.0-mo7nt5vu7xhh7evvo3c57p2ydsh55lfb/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/numactl-2.0.12-nj4eng56cvlo4j7xmhmjornipwgbhfco/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libxml2-2.9.9-t6h6tggg2tagxcxklg6ztlkuw6ffbjaj/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/xz-5.2.4-dnbfmo26ji3slykck52zvwfqhoyj45yd/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libiconv-1.16-46i2h6v5lzez5ss3575p7orcgv7mkajt/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libpng-1.6.37-cibttlztsbl2opsodngmdii636wgpgnt/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libjpeg-turbo-2.0.3-fekjgacvcj45klurxcxlxwajxy6vcmkt/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/ffmpeg-4.1.1-arqer6znbla3x47wuqjm2d5dirgd3bd3/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/yasm-1.3.0-4vu4jabmh2nj75c2oan7lclt54a4zkgi/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/bin:/usr/lib64/qt-3.3/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/sbin:/usr/lpp/mmfs/bin:/opt/ibutils/bin:/home/sas4990/.local/bin:/home/sas4990/bin
WORKDIR is: /home/sas4990
----------------------------------------
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key )Âˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key »π˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ßµ˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˘¸ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key I¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key f˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key èÎ¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Ö˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key cb¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ™]˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key rd¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key vˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Ofˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˛¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ß∏¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key '˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Æ˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key •P¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key P˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key W6¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 
*˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key <|˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ™¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key I¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key FW˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ‘|¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key …õ˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˛˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ®¸ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key SÇˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ¶b˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ŸÌ˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Ö¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ‡‚˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ?¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key æ˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ∑≥˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key d˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ±Bˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ËW˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key >˘˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ê¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 6¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
LAMMPS (22 Aug 2018)
  using 1 OpenMP thread(s) per MPI task
Lattice spacing in x,y,z = 1.6796 1.6796 1.6796
Created orthogonal box = (0 0 0) to (33.5919 33.5919 33.5919)
  3 by 4 by 4 MPI processor grid
Created 32000 atoms
  Time spent = 0.00206733 secs
Neighbor list info ...
  update every 20 steps, delay 0 steps, check no
  max neighbors/atom: 2000, page size: 100000
  master list distance cutoff = 2.8
  ghost atom cutoff = 2.8
  binsize = 1.4, bins = 24 24 24
  1 neighbor lists, perpetual/occasional/extra = 1 0 0
  (1) pair lj/cut, perpetual
      attributes: half, newton on
      pair build: half/bin/atomonly/newton
      stencil: half/bin/3d/newton
      bin: standard
Setting up Verlet run ...
  Unit style    : lj
  Current step  : 0
  Time step     : 0.005
Per MPI rank memory allocation (min/avg/max) = 2.641 | 2.657 | 2.671 Mbytes
Step Temp E_pair E_mol TotEng Press 
       0         1.44   -6.7733681            0   -4.6134356   -5.0197073 
     100    0.7574531   -5.7585055            0   -4.6223613   0.20726105 
Loop time of 0.10243 on 48 procs for 100 steps with 32000 atoms

Performance: 421753.154 tau/day, 976.280 timesteps/s
98.0% CPU use with 48 MPI tasks x 1 OpenMP threads

MPI task timing breakdown:
Section |  min time  |  avg time  |  max time  |%varavg| %total
---------------------------------------------------------------
Pair    | 0.036977   | 0.045639   | 0.0588     |   2.1 | 44.56
Neigh   | 0.0052977  | 0.0062983  | 0.0079267  |   0.7 |  6.15
Comm    | 0.033531   | 0.048538   | 0.058444   |   2.3 | 47.39
Output  | 6.1989e-05 | 0.00010088 | 0.00023675 |   0.0 |  0.10
Modify  | 0.0007391  | 0.00091329 | 0.0012074  |   0.0 |  0.89
Other   |            | 0.00094    |            |       |  0.92

Nlocal:    666.667 ave 695 max 636 min
Histogram: 1 3 4 6 9 8 7 3 4 3
Nghost:    2199.15 ave 2234 max 2168 min
Histogram: 2 4 7 5 12 5 2 4 4 3
Neighs:    25059 ave 26611 max 23829 min
Histogram: 4 4 5 11 3 12 2 2 2 3

Total # of neighbors = 1202833
Ave neighs/atom = 37.5885
Neighbor list builds = 5
Dangerous builds not checked
Total wall time: 0:00:00
