----------------------------------------
srun job start: Mon Feb 24 00:41:17 CST 2020
Job ID: 218
Username: sas4990
Queue: normal
Account: p30157
----------------------------------------
The following variables are not
guaranteed to be the same in
prologue and the job run script
----------------------------------------
PATH (in prologue) : /home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-haswell/gcc-8.3.0/lammps-20190807-ylc6qz7fy2eindllog7ummbmwsviah3x/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/mpich-3.3.2-z4ez4omkbrmkiitiqdaqvoe6fsvaty3w/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/ucx-1.6.0-zns5osdffg6yeysfalb4mk52wor2ictj/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/rdma-core-20-n4nc6catawd2xjiotmyzuvdcldcfaa4y/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libnl-3.3.0-mo7nt5vu7xhh7evvo3c57p2ydsh55lfb/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/numactl-2.0.12-nj4eng56cvlo4j7xmhmjornipwgbhfco/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libxml2-2.9.9-t6h6tggg2tagxcxklg6ztlkuw6ffbjaj/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/xz-5.2.4-dnbfmo26ji3slykck52zvwfqhoyj45yd/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/opt/spack/linux-rhel7-ivybridge/gcc-8.3.0/libiconv-1.16-46i2h6v5lzez5ss3575p7orcgv7mkajt/bin:/home/sas4990/packages/spack/bin:/usr/lib64/qt-3.3/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/sbin:/usr/lpp/mmfs/bin:/opt/ibutils/bin:/home/sas4990/.local/bin:/home/sas4990/bin
WORKDIR is: /home/sas4990
----------------------------------------
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key rr˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key L‡˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key «é¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key UÅ˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key d∏˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ≈ô˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: value not properly terminated in client request
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˜u˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Ö·ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 7€ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ≠v¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ‡ı˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ¢’˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key vÆ˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Æ&ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key —vˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˆ7¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ∆¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 
'ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key %k˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 0˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ”˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key „Ÿ¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Ï¥˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˘•¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Bõˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key æˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key `Ç¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ,jˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key QÉ˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ±n˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key sÑˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ”˜˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key I¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key O¸ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ûÖˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 94ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key 6«ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ˙
˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key [»˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key ‰Ä˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key xA˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Åô˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key |ˇ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  M˝ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key Í·˛ in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
slurmstepd: error: mpi/pmi2: no value for key  in req
LAMMPS (7 Aug 2019)
  using 1 OpenMP thread(s) per MPI task
Lattice spacing in x,y,z = 1.6796 1.6796 1.6796
Created orthogonal box = (0 0 0) to (33.5919 33.5919 33.5919)
  3 by 4 by 4 MPI processor grid
Created 32000 atoms
  create_atoms CPU = 0.00184608 secs
Neighbor list info ...
  update every 20 steps, delay 0 steps, check no
  max neighbors/atom: 2000, page size: 100000
  master list distance cutoff = 2.8
  ghost atom cutoff = 2.8
  binsize = 1.4, bins = 24 24 24
  1 neighbor lists, perpetual/occasional/extra = 1 0 0
  (1) pair lj/cut, perpetual
      attributes: half, newton on
      pair build: half/bin/atomonly/newton
      stencil: half/bin/3d/newton
      bin: standard
Setting up Verlet run ...
  Unit style    : lj
  Current step  : 0
  Time step     : 0.005
Per MPI rank memory allocation (min/avg/max) = 2.642 | 2.658 | 2.672 Mbytes
Step Temp E_pair E_mol TotEng Press 
       0         1.44   -6.7733681            0   -4.6134356   -5.0197073 
     100    0.7574531   -5.7585055            0   -4.6223613   0.20726105 
Loop time of 0.0909617 on 48 procs for 100 steps with 32000 atoms

Performance: 474925.162 tau/day, 1099.364 timesteps/s
97.4% CPU use with 48 MPI tasks x 1 OpenMP threads

MPI task timing breakdown:
Section |  min time  |  avg time  |  max time  |%varavg| %total
---------------------------------------------------------------
Pair    | 0.036769   | 0.044327   | 0.051244   |   1.4 | 48.73
Neigh   | 0.0053194  | 0.0062799  | 0.0071263  |   0.5 |  6.90
Comm    | 0.029953   | 0.037977   | 0.046289   |   1.7 | 41.75
Output  | 6.4611e-05 | 0.00082634 | 0.0011744  |   0.0 |  0.91
Modify  | 0.00062704 | 0.00074141 | 0.00086808 |   0.0 |  0.82
Other   |            | 0.0008107  |            |       |  0.89

Nlocal:    666.667 ave 695 max 636 min
Histogram: 1 3 4 6 9 8 7 3 4 3
Nghost:    2199.15 ave 2234 max 2168 min
Histogram: 2 4 7 5 12 5 2 4 4 3
Neighs:    25059 ave 26611 max 23829 min
Histogram: 4 4 5 11 3 12 2 2 2 3

Total # of neighbors = 1202833
Ave neighs/atom = 37.5885
Neighbor list builds = 5
Dangerous builds not checked
Total wall time: 0:00:00
